Hello and welcome to the AWB Certified Solutions, Architects and Social Circles.
My name's Neil Davis and I'm your instructor.
Firstly, I want to thank you for enrolling in this course.
I really appreciate it.
And I understand you've put lots of trust in me to deliver to you the training that you need to pass
your exam.
Now, I can assure you, are in the right place.
We've put a lot of effort into these courses to make sure that we give you all the information you need
for the exam.
So this course is a very hands on course, which makes it different from most other courses out there.
The way I teach is to show you few diagrams and explain to you the concepts.
And then I actually take you in and we build out some architectures.
Now, the course uses a process of incremental learning.
That means you start at the very basics.
You learn some skills.
You build upon those skills and you keep reusing them and then building on more skills in subsequent
sections.
I therefore recommend that you do follow the course through in sequential order, and that will mean
you'll build your skill set up.
And by the end you'll have a really strong practical skill set.
Now you'll also develop lots of theoretical knowledge, both from the video lectures throughout the
main sections of the course and also the exam crams at the end of each section.
I also provide training notes so you get a free downloadable e-book.
And I also have lots of cheat sheets on my Web site.
Now, those are exams specific.
So what I've done is I've made sure that the right information is in there for this specific exam.
So we've all those resources available to you now have everything you need to build up your skills and
prepare for the exam.
Now, if you are a complete beginner, that's okay.
We start right at the basics.
So in the next section, there's going to be a basic overview of the identity and Access Management
Service and a few of the related concepts just so that you understand a few fundamental concepts before
we start going into a better Hands-On.
And then we actually create a free to air account so you can set up your own free to account.
And that means that you can actually follow along with the exercises that I provide.
Now, make sure you go to the course download at the end of Section one first, because especially from
section of free onwards, you're going to find that you need some of the downloadable materials.
So I definitely recommend you do set up the free to air account and follow along if you can.
If you don't have the ability to sign up for a free to air account or you're a bit more time pressed,
you can just follow through and watch me and I'll help you to learn the concepts and you'll still be
able to build up that knowledge and prepare for your exam.
Now, this is a lengthy course, but I do recommend you do it in its entirety.
The Solutions Architects Associate exam is quite broad in scope.
So you really need to have a solid knowledge of lots of different topics.
And I make sure you get that through this course.
So thanks again for being with me.
And I hope you enjoy the course.